Hello everybody.
Thank you so much for joining me today,
so what are we talking about?
Well, we're talking about
user research and testing.
And I've created this workshop for
a very specific reason, and
reason that really is important to me,
because I get to work with
a lot of different people across
a lot different organizations,
and everybody knows the value of
user research and user testing.
At least developers do, designers
obviously do, UX researchers obviously do.
We all know how important this stuff is,
but getting to actually do it can be
really hard, all right,
it can be really challenging,
there's never enough money,
there's never enough time.
It seems complicated and
difficult to do and so
it doesn't really happen like it should.
And so, in this workshop, I wanna
kinda really encourage you that you
probably can do more than you think you
can do, to maybe take off a little bit of
the pressure that goes around, this is how
you're supposed to do usability testing.
And if you don't do it this way,
you're not doing it right and
encourage you just to get started in
it and to give you some tools of how
you can get started without any money and
without any time, right?
So I know that sounds impossible, but
trust me there are ways of doing it.
So that's the kind of aim for today.
Just to briefly introduce myself because
that's the kind of thing you're supposed
to do when you do these workshops.
My name is Paul Boag, and
really depressingly I've been
working on this field for
almost 30 years now,
in fact it is 30 years 1994, yes.
So I know I don't look that old obviously,
it doesn't look like I've been
working in the field 30 years, note.
No nothing no that's fair enough.
But I have and over those years,
I've kinda worked with all
kinds of organizations doing
all kinds of different work.
So I've got a lot of experience
in user research and
testing it's probably these days,
I would say 70% of what I do.
So it's a really important area to me but
I've also worked with a huge range
of organizations, right, from kinda tiny
little companies all the way through to
enterprise clients across pretty
much every sector you could imagine.
So, my clients include people like
Shopify, so kind of Silicon Valley
type companies, PUMA big enterprise
companies, the UK Governments
have worked with governments and
charities I've worked with.
And I tell you all of this to say
that whatever I talk about today is
applicable no matter what kind
of clients you have, right.
So I don't care whether you've just
finished working with a really big bank,
o obviously, you think big organization
they've got lots of money and
time for user research and testing.
Well, in my experience,
that isn't always the case, right?
Because there's deadlines and
you've got to get things out and
well we know what users want anyway,
we don't need to do testing.
So even big organizations suffer from
this and then small organizations often
obviously do as well you know,
they don't have a lot of time or money.
So we're gonna start off by looking at
the principles of a lean user research and
testing.
So this is kind of the foundation
of how I approach this problem,
right, of doing user research and
testing with no budget and no time.
So that's where we're gonna start at.
Then we're gonna look at, okay,
what do we need to do up front
before we start any kind of work?
We kinda all know we're supposed to
do some user research up front, but
what do we actually need to do?
What's the bare minimum
we can get away with?
And how can we fit that in alongside
everything else we're doing?
And then we're gonna look at some
different areas of different opportunities
to do some user research and
testing through the projects.
So for example, one is planning
your information architecture.
That's an area that often things go
horribly wrong, because they were not in
any way talking to users so we're gonna
look at information architecture.
We're also gonna look at
testing design concepts,
you know when you have to do those
mock ups that you show to clients and
stakeholders, and
they're supposed to sign of on the design.
Well, there is an opportunity there for
design testing to make a big difference.
We're also gonna look at opportunities
that come from prototyping.
When you've got a prototype,
what testing can you do there?
How can you keep that really
lightweight and easy?
And then finally,
we're gonna look at, okay, so
you maybe have an existing website or
an existing app.
What testing can you do on that
something that already exists?
And I wanna come back to this sentence,
do what you can something
is better than nothing.
I wanna come back to that again and again,
that's the kind of underlying principle
of everything we're talking about, right?
Start small doesn't matter
where you're at, just try and
do something a little bit better than
what you're already doing, right.
If you're doing no user research and
no testing, then just do something, right?
Maybe just run one question survey
before you start working work.
If you're already doing
I don't know AB testing,
maybe consider adding some
qualitative stuff alongside it.
Do you see what I'm meaning?
Always look for the next level
up the way of improving, but
never resent those small beginnings,
no matter how small it is to begin with,
doing something is always
better than nothing